The man walked down the infinite hallway, grey metal doors with strange insignias painted the sides endlessly into the dark. A strange whirring emitted through the air, taking breaks only for sounds of stranger clanging. The man peered far into the gloomy corridor, and found more hallway. He turned around, more hallway. Finally, breaking the sound of the perpetual moaning, he voiced: "wtf"

Flanked by thousands of trees, kilometres away from the nearest sign of civilization, a medieval looking brick house stood quietly beneath the piercing sunlight, shadowed only by pleasant canopy. The house stood an incredibly low chance of being found, and even if found, only incredibly solitary beings would dwell in this dusty home, the last time someone was even in it was 184 years ago. McSpicy Wembenyama got to work in the lonesome house. She hadn't the time to name the farflung abode, but it worked well as a hideout. Wembenyama drew sigils, inside of circles, inside of circles on the cobble floor with a freshly lifted pen. After the pictogram was probably mostly complete, she unhooked a leather canteen from her wasit and poured a pint of maple syrup in the middle of the artwork. Tearing off a piece of papyrus from a page in her snakeskin laden grimoire, she flung the torn papyrus across the room. The paper tore through space as if it was jelly, but not before she vocalised the words "Tomboy Mine".

Flanked by thousands of trees, kilometres away from the nearest sign of civilization, a medieval looking brick house stood quietly beneath the piercing sunlight, shadowed only by pleasant canopy. The house stood an incredibly low chance of being found, and even if found, only incredibly solitary beings would dwell in this dusty home, the last time someone was even in it was two seconds ago, and she had just disappeared.

A man walked cautiously towards the doghouse, gun on his hip. He'd heard some vaguely humanlike noises from behind it and approached to check it out. "Opps?" He pondered. Whoever it was, they're robbing the wrong house. He unholstered his pistol, 'Darling', and pointed it sideways at where he thought the intruder would peek their head out. The pistol, which was obediently ready to fire, felt uneasy shaking from its owner. Was he scared of something? Scared to take another's life? It couldn't be, afterall, the man was armed with a sleek, grey-black, polymer-framed, short recoil-operated, locked-breech semi-automatic Glock 17 and a sweet, mad pitbull from hell also named 'Darling', who would bark madly at whatever her owner was pointing his gun sideways at, as she was trained to do. He rounded the corner, blickey in hand, hound near feet, eyes partially closed and shouted like a little girl: "Get ou-" The hound charged at whatever her owner was pointing his gun sideways and shot at, as she was trained to do. Lunging forward into the little space behind the doghouse. She was sure her jaw would meet even a little resistance from whatever she was biting. Instead, she found nothing. No intruder, no owner, most importantly, nothing to bite on. That was weird, owner was right there, above her. He was pointing his gun and she was barking, then he was shooting and she was biting. The man had disappeared, and the place the man was sure an intruder would have been was replaced by an fallen black cloak on the brown-leaf caked ground. "Maybe this was just another one of the many games owner liked to play", Darling, the dog, looked around the small Compton court, turned around and ran into the small blue house the big people lived in, searching for her dear owner.

McSpicy had arrived. Not where she had wanted to be, but in an overpriced and flashy museum, like nearly all of them are. She looked around, found beautiful effervescent LED lined walls depicting pictures of blue bubbles beaming radiantly against a black background, meant to symbolise the tiny inconsequence of human actions or whatever. These panels formed a small U-shaped passageway which acted simultaneously as an exhibit and a bridge between two sections of the large, white-walled museum. She walked slowly, admiring the tiny metaphor-bubbles, shoes clacking on the glass floor below. Detecting her presence, a soothing robotic voice began detailing the  purpose of the exhibit. McSpicy couldn't care less. She walked the passage, reaching a window at the end of it. She saw the sun slowly consume the lowest stars in the east and knew she couldnt stay for long. She got to work again, determined to reach her intended destination this time. She held her old grimoire, "One's Guide on Practical Thaumaturgy, Pages of Papyrus & More by Hubert Embiid Mccenzean III & Morgan Freeman II" imprinted boldly on the damaged front cover and closely studied the pages on in-the-field teleportation. McSpicy, now on her knees, carefully drew the outlines, then the inlines, then the little sigils and insignias that were too worn in the book to make out. Finished drawing, she grabbed her maple syrup canteen. She felt the weight of the canteen, and silently thought that it felt a bit too light. A powerful tingle of electricity ran down her arched spine as she realised: "i don got enough mapa syrip". She instinctively opened her self-prescribed 'field tome' and threw over the slightly decayed pages. "Do I HAVE to use maple syrup?", "Were there any feasible substitutes?", "Do I REALLY have to rob another Canadian's house?" Questions that shot through her mind in that instant. She eyed the top half of the page. Nothing on maple syrup alternates, then the bottom. "only maple syrup can be used teehee". The texts drove McSpicy Wembenyama, daughter of Christal Math, renown thaumaturgic scientist, into a pool of dread. McSpicy quite liked Canadians. Bright brown, thick and masterfully tended beards. Expertly fasioned red flannel shirts only from the best red flannel shirt makers in the world, other Canadians. Brand new jeans and Air Jordans, McSpicy relished the idea of being Canadian. Considering the tight time crunch, McSpicy might have to outright kill one for their prized maple syrup as the negotiations would take far too much time. "Too much time" She thought, remembering the last time she had to negotiate with a Canadian for their maple syrup. She walked down the blue-bubble exhibit, shoes clacking arrogantly against the bright blue-stained glass floor, she was to act quick if she wanted to get home anytime soon. She found the exit of the lavish Victorian-styled building. With any luck, she would find a Canadian's home in time. As she heaved opened the heavy wooden door, morning sunrays escaped into the unlit building, greeting her with warmth. As she walked down the diorite crusted steps that led out from the building with confident and determined steps, she had another terrible realization. She was nowhere near Canada. She was in Belarus.

The man turned, facing one of the many grey doors. There was not a handle, but a keypad next to it. The keypad looked advanced, even with a simple layout. He was, presumably, to enter a numerical code. He saw a card scanner mounted next to the keypad, he reached into his pockets, no card. The keypad hummed menacingly, and a small turquoise screen attached assertively above said keypad. Beckoning the man to try opening it with its sleek industrial design. He placed his hand on the cold, grey-steel keypad and pressed a few buttons.

A girlish scream bellowed from the heavens. A man was now falling through the nightsky, his gun almost instantly flying from his hands into the cold atmosphere above him. (supplementary im too braindumb to write this properly) (this is the compton guy not the infinite hallway guy) (you can tell them apart because i put hallway guy as "The man" and this guy as "A man"

Self-proclaimed artists 'Biggie Smalls', 'Stevie-Wonderbear' and 'Inclement Nuclear Forecast' or INF for short, strode down the narrow streets of Portland, Maine. They walked with haste through the colorful busy concrete avenue with strong, purposeful steps. Biggie Smalls noticed the awkward air around the group and piped up first, attempting to break the ice.
"So, hows your days been goin?" At once, the Stevie-Wonderbear and INF sharply turned the corner into a tight dark alleyway. Biggie Smalls knew that this was not the route they intended to take, the turn was two blocks infront. Small had been hastily recruited by the other two in a bar near the alleyway and from the stories he had heard, he knew something was going to happen. He turned into the alley, shank in hand, ready for a fight. He wondered: "gaddamn are these two that socially anxious" The two other men stopped halfway into the alley. Biggie at the entrance, opening his options for escape. He looked to his right, a pungent, half-broken garbage bin filled to the brim of rotten food and plastic products laid on the wall, flies in orbit. Smalls stopped, looked behind him. The once bright and energetic streets of Portland, Maine was now replaced with grey skies and cracked concrete walkways. Industrial gas rose into the skies and the constant numbing hum of engines replaced the laughter of children. Small realised what had happened and turned his head to face the attacking duo, but before he could fully face his opponents, Biggie Smalls was taken.

A couple of observant passer-bys noted the sudden disappearance of a ragtag group of 3 unkempt men in Portland, Maine. One particularly observant passer-by noted that man on the right of the trio, a frayed looking man in his 40s with an unkempt greyish beard had produced a pair of safety scissors from the right pocket of his winter jacket before the group vanished into thin air. (rewrite)****

Self-proclaimed artists 'Stevie-Wonderbear' and INF exited a dirty alleyway in Portland, Oregon, United States. They looked exhausted, dehydrated and frankly ragged. A normal sight in the unclean streets of Portland, Oregon. They walked with heavy and heavier steps, traversing through the dangerous concrete labyrinth. They walked 2 blocks down and turned right, into the industrial sector of the city. Black-grey fumes filled the air from factories, high chain-linked fences made for walls in the labyrinthine city, holding back the thieves from industrial property and employees from freedom. The group of 2 spotted their destination, an old warehouse. Cracked bricks and vandalism plastered all over the walls of the dusty building, blending perfectly into the grey landscape. They entered the hollow buildng and disappeared into its dark. For the next few weeks, locked in the dingy facility, the pair worked on their greatest masterpieces. 

Stevie-Wonderbear, or Bill as his friends call him, suddenly stopped his work, put down the 15 different colored 50-metre long cables on his incredibly warpainted heavy-duty rubber gloves and stood up. INF looked at him for a moment, realised something was wrong, and looked back down to keep work on his uranium-studded and incredibly dangerous rubber bands made out of the stringiest glass he could find. Bill walked past the miniature bust of a personified Bagger-288 excavator, an unmarked white spray bottle containing an evil concoction of the most horrific and potent acids in the world coupled with liquid airborne cancer and a crate of apples that people could only perceive as onions. He grabbed a shiny silver metal bat mounted on a wall, held it in his paint-laden rubber gloves and threw it into a bathtub of self-concious mud. The bat, now caked entirely in perpetually slithering mud that enveloped around the bat, levitated just above the bathtub. Bill shouted his orders at the mud-bat, and the bat heeded, phasing into the ground, in search of its first target.

Two blocks away, an agent peered at the warehouse. "Three- No, two Persons of Interest have entered a rundown warehouse in Southern Portland, Oregon after being spotted suddenly disappearing in an alley in Portland, Maine minutes before." He wrote in his slim, black leatherbound standard-issue notebook. He had finally found confirmation of the pair's anomalous activity, as he turned around to walk back to the dingy excuse of a stakehouse, the agent saw black and the world fell around him. As his head hit the brick wall, the last thing he saw was a bat-shaped.. rod? Increduously caked in blood and strangely moving mud, levitating steadily one metre above his falling body. Satisfied at the state of its unconcious target, the mud-bat flew into the ground and back into the warehouse.

McSpicy was frantic. She was standing just outside tourists' centre, nervously studying maps of the city and drawing up a plan in her head to quickly acquire a bottle of authentic Canadian maple syrup. She paced back and forth one side of the wide wooden blue-framed entrance of the reception to the other, not noticing how dominant the smell of ink was. McSpicy was an average looking skinny woman in her early-20s, frizzy black hair and eyes as dark as midnight. Her foreign face structure and intricate garments drew some attention from the locals, but at most strange stare was afforded of them. McSpicy, now with a plan, returned the city map to the maprack and speedwalked skittishly to the closest bank. The bank was far away, about a  couple of kilometres away, but it was her only plan, and plus, Belarus isn't as bad as they make it sound. Trees littered the sidewalks and Belarusian architecture was quite pleasant to look at, even if it was recurrent of other Eastern European countries. The curves, ends, Baroque styled buildings, even the homeless looked somewhat stylish, and the cats. The cats were the friendliest in Belarus, even if not very clean. It was a shame, though. What McSpicy would do could ban her from the country forever. As she approached the local bank, several locals smiled at her as they walked by, furthering the guilt she would put on herself. McSpicy's hands reached behind her back in expectation of her signature midnight cloak. Her hands met nothing. Grimacing the loss of her favourite cape, she instead ditched any attempt to hide her identity, as her cloak would have done that for her. McSpicy Wembenyama, cloakless but armed with her tome and simple incantations, threw open the cold glass doors of the bank, letting the conditioned air outside. The desperate woman steeled herself. There was no going back after this. She whispered underneath her breath in guilt: "Boom."

The moment was instantaneous. The banktellers eviscerated in the great flame. The insides of the bank scorched and blackened. The doors she had opened exploded outward, sent flying into the sky, colliding with the ground kilometres away. The blast of the blow sent the winds in a whirl, with ash rushing out of any hole or crack in the once-marble walls like a horrid stampede of shadow. Ash that escaped through the roof shot cannon-shotted upwards, like a whale exahusting through it's blowhole. The once presitigious bank had now turned into a box of ember and ash. The surroundings were now caked in the products of the horrible explosion which provided McSpicy enough cover to enter the building. With her left hand across her nose and face, she dashed into the one place she kept intact. The vault. She cleared the ashy remains of the vault's door with a simple swing of her arm and entered the pristinely kept metal room. She grabbed as much money she could carry in her thin arms, found the closest and largest stack of pitch-black ash and dived into it. As local firefighters and law enforcement 
entered the destroyed husk of the building minutes later, they noted the undamaged condition of the vault and the human-sized impression in a closeby ashstack. The thin foreigner that locals had reported seeing right before the explosion vanished from within the bank.

The man waited nervously for something to happen. The cold terminal recognised the man's input, and after a second of deliberation, the terminal welcomed the man, displaying the words "ACCESS GRANTED" in bright green on the plastic screen above. After a series of complicated clangings and whirring came from inside the grey-metal door, it slid to the right with a satisfying swish. The man looked inside the now-unlocked door and entered. Despite not knowing exactly where, he recognised the room.

Bill, after confirming the dispatching of the agent, held the spectral bat by its handle and commanded it to return to its awaiting position, not before congratulating it for its first mission well done. The bat obediently flew across the alive-mud bathtub, deposited its brown slime into the tub and hung itself onto the mount it stood in once before, returning to its form as a silver bat. INF exchanged a look with Bill, awaiting assurance of their combined safety. Bill assured: "It is done." INF, now with renewed vigor under the knowledge of his freedom to work, cranked his head back to focus solely on his masterpiece. Bill walked past the bust, the bottle and the apple-onions, picked up his 15 colored 50-metre long cables and went straight back to work. As the churchbell chimed ominiously from the north, Bill and INF shared the same thought. Time was almost up, they had to get ready for the happy parade soon.

Adam Adam Adam, or just Adam, sat tall in his office. Adam Adam Adam, or 'Batteries', as his subordinates would call him behind his back, was a stout, tall, ageing bald man. His hardened skin gleamed his whiteness like a mirror, his eyes were piercing sharp and looked like they would stare into people's souls as he looked into others'. The higher-ups joked that the three As in his name stood for how accomplished and effective he was, the lower-downs joked that it stood for how brutal he was. As the soft-looking assistant of Adam prepared the daily reconnaisance report, he looked into his cheap VOLVO watch on his right wrist, watched the time pass for 5 minutes before being snapped out of it by his assistant,  Metro Booman Fazbear, with 3 light raps on the hardwood desk. Adam grabbed the report from his oakwood director's desk, which he was quite fond of, and dismissed the small assistant. After his assistant had silently but swiftly closed the door, as he preferred, Adam started reading the report. Well-spaced and defined lines, short but effective descriptions of events, shortened but detailed, unbiased and well-combed through. The quality of the report left Adam satisfied with his choice of assistant, as usual. The contents, however, were quite concerning. Out of habit, he quietly granted himself a small white pencil from his desk cabinet and gently scratched his thumb on the lead point while reading. As the metallic whirr of a table fan rang lonely in the grim blue office for several minutes straight, a small drop of sweat ran down shyly down his horrified face. He put down the report, cocked his head back and verbally recounted the news: "An agent tracking three, now two active PoIs disappeared in Portland, Oregon. The PoIs highlighted are quite the celebrities among the Jailors, causing quite the stir a few years ago in Warsaw, and they seem to be planning somthin.." Before running off into a mumble. He appreciated the severity of the situation which drew him a large smile. Sweating and grinning widely, he realised how much fun and satisfying it would be to track down these two. He loved the high stakes, hundreds of lives on the line, and he was responsible. "Just like in Berlin." He recalled tracking down an extremely dangerous group of aligned individuals and taking his time to 'interrogate' each one. He recalled the gases involved in his attack, the wide pools of blood they could bleed, and the desperate look on their faces as they died. “Ah.. they got so talkative as they died.” His days as an investigative operative on the field were over once, but he was about to come out of retirement. He took up his pen and wrote a transfer request to the higher-ups to Field-Ops, where he truly was home. As he finished writing the letter, he noticed blood dripping and staining the letter. He looked at his thumb now destroyed from scratches of thin lead.

-----------line--------------------------------line-------------------------------lining-----lines----------------------------------

Inclement Nuclear Forecast was done. His masterpiece was complete, and soon, the whole world would get to see it, the whole world would get to feel it. INF had built a towering titanium-steel structure which he named: 'fart machine 40k'. Capable of dispersing low-density objects at high speeds around the world through small, steel-colored portals that blended perfectly with storm clouds. The problem, or to him, the perfection, was that the synthetic clouds could only manifest in random nimbostratus clouds, adding to the high unpredictability of the machine's effect. Inclement Nuclear Forecast built this machine to share, planning to encourage other aspiring artists to 'advertise' their works from grey clouds. Like extremely low-density green infectious cancer-causing magic-waves, also known as radiation, self-replicating green slime that made everything it was applied to better, or green, or both, other than dead bodies, and the stomach churning, face-melting, horrid excuse for cuisine also known as the red devil's honey. Or maple syrup. He gagged at the thought of the last example. He stumbled to the red metal tool cabinet and returned his equipment, right hand tightly clutching his recessed stomach. He returned a blue stapler to the top drawer, an angle-grinder to the second big cabinet and his Grandma's old iron, gently placed into a fancy red-cushioned suitcase, "Grandma's" appropiately stitched on the handle. INF, packing up the rest of his equipment, angled his head towards Bill, head obscured by an electrical service box attached to a costumed piñata. "u done homie?" INF queried, halfway across the floor. "go outside monkey im busy asf", retorted Bill, absorbed with his work, which seemed to consist of picking up different sized wrenches, making various hand gestures and arm movements inside a box, putting them down and then repeating the cycle. INF looked at the door, then at Bill, frustrated and making angrier and stranger arm movements into his box, then at his now packed equipment, then at Bill, then the front door, which he appropiately marked with a green marker, a piece of cardboard above the door and one incredibly penetrative stapler bullet, then walked out the backdoor.

INF was outside for the first time in weeks, seeing the scorching sun sent a small tear down his face, seeing a column of grey industrial huff obscure his beautiful sun sent the tear receding up into his eye. His eyes climbed the pillar of obscuring smoke down to the smokestack it ungraciously emanated from. He stormed across the involuntarily well-shaded parking lot towards the smoke-totem. He climbed past the first set of fence, eyes still fixated on the unholy smog-blower, vaulted over the second and third fences, shouldered through a group of factory workers and phased the rest of his way into the unsanctimonious church of coal-huffers, to the surprise of none of the half-concious joint blowers watching the crimson-faced man. Just another day in Portland. Entering through the walls of the factory, INF had access to the steel mill.

He looked around. The room he was in was covered in grey metal, slightly blackish ash painted the walls randomly. Thick steam-delivering metal pipes snaked all around the room, pairs of oppositely faced pistons ranked infront of the mouth of a large blast furnace, pounding red hot steel everytime it was forced out. The room's walls were indeed far apart, but covered by grey machinery, yellow catwalks and countless heavy pipelines, the grey room seemed claustrophobic. INF could feel sweat piling up in his sweat pores as the machine mouth playfully extended and contracted its hotmetal tongue for the pounders to mold its shape. The noise was cacophonous, the delayed intense metal drumming banged prominently throughout the facility, the steam-pipes and firing pistons contributed to the senseless choir. Though the smell of warm steel and heated air did not exactly provide respite for the man's senses, the odor was somehow pleasant on his nose. INF, finding himself on shaky pipes, climbed to a relatively safe yellow-railed catwalk. From there, he conducted an unplanned performance. He lobbed a single piece of peppermint candy into the mouth of a blast furnace and watched as lava penetrated the furnace from inside, 'safely' destroying the hot machine. He then took to the pipes, releasing small origami flies to the pounding steel pipes. The flies imploded on impact, creating cavities and small craters in the pipes, after he was done, the pipes looked like a child's attempt at making a flute with simple materials after stomping on it. INF kept destroying the insides of the factory, making sure the walls of the facility were not harmed, until he heard a new noise. The double metal service doors crashed open behind him, revealing a fireteam of heavily equipped soldiers. The soldiers were equipped a bit too heavily even for a local counter-terrorist force, donning double-filter bulletproof red-stained tactical gas masks, sleek pairs of ZTactical zCOMTA III Tactical Headsets, custom-made to compress up to 155dB, active urban-camoflaged uniforms, military pouches on every limb of the body, custom tailored PM14 grade armor, designed to hold back against anti-tank rounds. Most curiously, they donned black webbing and an ever-so-familiar insignia. A grey hand on a black background gripping a thorny red chain... Hmm.. "Where have I-". Eyes widening, instincts sent into overdrive. INF finally recognised the deep shit he was in. There stood behind him, footmen of the embodiment of the phrase "Terminate with extreme prejudice" entered the room. Jailors have arrived.

INF vaulted over the railing, landing softly on the warm metal pipeline. The Jailors fired .300 Blackout rounds, trailing closely behind him. He crashed through an auxiliary service door and sprinted as fast as he could down a straight hallway. Behind him, the fireteam landed on the same pipe and followed the exact route he took. The foremost member of the team, and presumably the squadleader, activated his unusual headgear. Two thick pairs of black bands secured an eye-like device to the leader's forehead. The device, shaped like a metal avocado, featured a glaring purple 'eye' that served as sort of a third eye for the user. Being able to track fleeing targets through various indicators, and display the exact route target took through hi-tech ballistic glasses connected to the device infront of the user's eyes. The device, dubbed 'J.A.C.K.A.L' for 'jumba aumba cum kum aaaaa lxalsxnanxw', simultaneously tracked INF's recent heat signatures, scanned for footprint patterns on the floor and executed about forty other tracking methods. "Our bogey's not getting away," The squadleader thought to himself.

INF sprinted through the mazelike hallways of the metal factory, knocking past towers of cardboard boxes on the way, banging into the huge metal pipes on the wall and clanking footsteps on the metal ground made the squad's job easier. With the amount of noise he made, the team didn't even need to use J.A.C.K.A.L, they could just follow the trail of fallen cardboard boxes and echoes he left behind.

In the warehouse, Bill realised he had not the correct-sized wrench to tune his carburetor and got up to look for an appropiately-fitting one. Rising from the ground after a solid few hours of work made his legs painfully numb.

INF, who was not a particularly physically active man, started to realise that his breath had gone cold and needed to make his escape quick. His unpolished running form was not going to outrun a team of elite soldiers, even if encumbered with several kilogrammes of gear. He reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out a pink piece of chalk. He could hear the soldiers getting closer, and closer, and closer. His panic rose.

Bill limped over to his big red metal cabinet, marked 'MINE" with duct tape and a black marker, so neither of them would get confused with which red metal tool cabinet belonged to who. Bill, supporting himself with on several objects reached a red metal tool cabinet, checked the side of duct tape. 'MINE' visible on the side. "Just in case", Bill cautioned, looking
across the room to the other red metal cabinet. Found another duct tape-sign on the other tool cabinet. 'MINE' similarly marked in black on it. He sighed as he realised that he had forgotten whose cabinet was whose.

Sweating and exhausted, INF turned and reached a particularly smooth section of wall. He started to quickly scribble a small gnome-sized door on the wall. Right behind him, the soldiers were closing on him, he could hear them just behind the corner. He scribbled quicker. The soldiers were on the turn. He drew faster. The soldiers pointed their guns at him, he could see the lasers painted on the wall. The door was complete, it opened just in the nick of time, revealing a starry black void behind it. He dived through the door as fast as he could, hearing the first gunshots ring out behind him. The soldiers fired into the black void created by the magical door that their prey had entered but the bullets simply bounced off the wall. As they approached to enter the small door, it slammed shut infront of them. The soldiers, now tired from the pursuit, caught their breaths, bending and resting their hands on their knees. The captain shared a small, tired frown with the team. He had to radio in their failure. He took off his headpieces and held his radio by his first two fingers, "Command, this is Sivel of fireteam 'TOM', Mission failed, target escaped by diving through a small chalk door." He reported. "Understood Captain- Sorry, Sergeant Sivel. Report back to HQ immediately." The radio sparked back. Sgt Sivel quietly gripped his radio tighter. The men walked home defeated, and for the third time in history, PoI-1984 "Inclement Nuclear Forecast" had escaped the evil hand of the Jailor.

INF crashed into the cold hard floor of the warehouse. Bill, startled by his partner's sudden entrance, turned around to find INF laid fatigued on the floor. "whar?" Questioned Bill. INF huffed: "guys n peopl. had to tp. we gotta move." Bill understood immediately. He unpacked a cardboard box of Japanese weather dolls and started to hang them around the room whilst INF laid on the floor, exhausted, sweaty and unwilling to get up. As Bill finished hanging the dolls, INF chanted the magic words from the ground. Suddenly, the dolls started to beam pink. Small, fuzzy neon-like particles began slowing falling from the ceiling, landing softly on the ground. He shouted their destination and their new base, for the time being. "Taumatawhakatangihangakoauauotamateapokaiwhenuakitanatahu Hill!". A blinding explosion of light flashed from within the warehouse. When Jailors eventually came and busted down the door, they found the warehouse dark and empty, in stark difference of what they would have liked to discover. On an island 11,224 kilometres away, a machine pinged unusual activity in New Zealand.

In an undisclosed location, Adam leaned on a plastic chair in a small metal armory. He was just informed of the failed assassination attempt in Portland. This news was of no surprise to him as the escapees were practically professionals at escaping Jailors and did not dampen Adam's mood, hell, it made him more excited. The knowledge that his personal targets, as well as the Jailor's, were going to be difficult collars only sweetened the honeypot for him. Adam, though extremely decorated and feared, did not fight the Jailor's enemies for glory nor did he believe in their cause but for the exhilarating hunt and the euphoric satisfaction of a hard catch. He found himself staring at the ceiling and recalling memories of old hunts, only awoken to the sound of dropping equipment near him. He looked down and found a sweaty and defeated fireteam returning their gear into their individual lockers and greeted them. "Don't beat yourself up about it, I mean, we only gave you the location, room and the exact spot he was standing on. It's not like we gave you cutting-edge tracking technology to catch a hobo or anything." He loudly declared with a sarcastic and patronizing tone, clearly fishing for reactions. The team ignored him. Adam, now bored of the team, exited the room through a black-grated security door and found himself standing in a large command centre. The room, which was the centre of Base-23, bustled and was teeming with administrative and military personnel alike. Large blue screens plastered the front walls, displaying locational, geological and even meteorological information for the North American Continent as well as tracked data of the most significant opponents of The Jailor. The smell of hot coffee, heated computers and sweaty bodies swamped the room, ever-so-slightly putting him off even if he was used to it. Large people-sized computers lined the floors in descending tiers of importance, operators with headphones relayed information to field-operators on the ground whilst alongside juniors scientists and tracking experts analyzing metaphorical footprints of anyone they could detect. The noisy room established itself as the most important room for the security of the North American Continent, beating Washington's Strategic Planning room which ironically featured a secure phoneline to Base-23. Adam, admiring the administrative organised chaos of the room, put his hands out wide and smiled, celebrating his newly-installed control of everyone and everything in it. Although he had requested to be a humble squadleader in Field-Ops, the higher-ups felt that his administrative and strategic talent was wasted when not in an office, so while half-granting his request, they instead installed him as Operations and Strategic Commander of Base-23, granting him access to all of the resources in the hidden building. From there, he granted himself the rank of Captain of fireteam 'TOM', the deadliest in North America. Unfortunately, or otherwise for Adam, Former Captain Sivel was demoted to Sergeant so as to make space for the fourty-five year old child. Unmoving in his position while still holding a crucified-like pose, his assistant, Metro Booman Fazbear lightly tapped on his powerful shoulder. He opened his eyes and found the petite woman infront of her, awaiting permission to speak. "Hello, Metro. They assigned you as my assistant again?" He asked. Metro nodded her head, shifting on the spot. "A few F.A.R.T sensors picked up some activity in New Zealand that matched our bogey's thauma-signatures, specifically Wonderbear's." She spoke quickly so as to not even slightly irritate him. "A jet's waiting in Hanger 8." Surprised by her quick initiative, Adam smiled and quick-walked over to the hangar, Metro quietly trailing behind. As the plane took off and pierced the clouds, Adam realised he had left his squad in Base-23 and more importantly, his favourite white pencil.

-----------line--------------------------------line-------------------------------lining-----lines----------------------------------

chp3- i gotta shit rn

The man walked into the room, reaching a chrome-white table, door swishing satisfyingly close behind him. He pulled out a stool from beneath the table and gently sat down. He looked around, reconfirming his suspicions. This was a lab. HIS lab. Soft white-metal walls insulating heat, 4 neatly arranged tables stacked with countless papers and sterile equipment. A standard-issue fire extinguisher positioned strategically near the exit, air-conditioning units hummed peacefully in the white ceiling. Large laboratory machine neighboured the messy tables, awaiting command. The disorderly room was home to him, he could feel it. Something was starkly different, though. The floor shone like the floor of a lighted pool, blue waves crashing into eachother, streaking white foam, glimmering beautifully, like what you would see at the bottom of the seafloor under a blazing sun. Another realization hit him. He frantically clocked his head around and around, scanning the room for anyone, no, anything other than him. He realised that the reason why the laboratory floor looked like a seafloor was that he WAS on the seafloor. After a good ten minutes of head-turning, he finally came to the conclusion that if anyone- sorry, anything wanted to harm him, they would have done so already. Resting on a nearby stool, he became aware that he was wearing expedition gear, and on his chest was a sewn nametag. He gripped the fabric right below the nametag and brought it upwards, bringing the nametag into his sight. 

McSpicy Wembenyama fell from a tree, crashing into and breaking twig-branches on the way down. After falling about three metres from the top of the tree, the ash-covered woman rose from her crumpled posture and stood up to brush off debris and investigate possible wounds. "Atleast there's no cuts." She told herself, worriedly looking at her various arm-bruises. After confirming that she was not all that hurt, she slowly picked up the fallen roubles off the floor, slightly inhibited by her various light injuries. Belarusbucks in arms, she turned around and faced a familiar sight. A strange door stood ominously infront of her. Doric-Corinthian styled architecture surrounded and made up the marble facade, shining white outwards. A small bowl could be seen cupped by a statue bowing its head. The door was unmistakably Ancient Roman. She blinked. The door morphed into some sort of new-age avant-garde artwork, the only retaining features being the door and the bowl. She blinked again. The door turned into a rusted-metal watertight door with large brown hinges, bowl unprofessionally welded next to the door. Whatever the door's facade was, she knew what it was, what it truly was. 

"are there like teleporting magic doors?" A young junior thaumaturgic researcher McSpicy asked her mother. Christal Math took a moment to think. "Do I have clearance? Does she have clearance? What clearance level was it again? Level Two? Junior researchers have level two clearance too. But should I even teach her about it? Well, what's the harm of it." The tall, black-haired, slightly tanned woman, dressed in a long white researcher's coat and a confident stance pushed up her sinking signature black Tortoise-Square framed glasses. She cleared a space on a large blackboard, filled with sigils and drawings of translocatory artifacts and chalked a small door in that space. "'snap gate', discovered on 3rd September 2004 at the Beslan school siege by one of our Russian-embedded observers, is a door linked to the idea of sin." She continued, answering her anticipating daughter.  "The door's main property is that it manifests near the perpetrator of the deaths of atleast eight human lives or a 'sin' of equal gravity. Near being less than fifty metres of where the beholder is standing. However, the door can only be recognised by the thaumaturgically initiated or those with Class-Two ontokinectical abilities. Meaning, to the uninitiated, they can physically determine that it is there but they cannot actually recognise that it is there. It's like touching a wall but not knowing you that you touched anything at all, you would see the wall but not be able to focus on it, you would smell something but you don't remember smelling anything afterwards. Practically invisible to the public without it being invisible at all." She started writing a word in bold. With the final stroke of the word, she continued. "MEMETICS, we call it. The science of contaminating and messing with the exchange of information through manupilating understanding. Big words, and a lesson for another time. The door's secondary anomalous property is that it 'changes' aesthetic everytime you blink. The reason for this is unknown and frankly unnecessary if I was the one who made it. The door always features a small, hip-level bowl on its right for unknown reasons. The main questions for the door are: 'Who made it? Was this even manmade? Why was this made? Does it open? If it does, what's inside? Most importantly, do we even want to know?' I know it's not exactly answering your question, Darling, but some researchers think the door opens to any place the subject wants to go . Then again we also don't have much information on the door seeing as testing it would require... Well, it's a door that appears when eight people have died. We don't exactly have to resources or the low ethics to even start testing. Any questions?" She finished, surprised at her own ability to recite a file she had read once five years ago. She looked at her daughter, mouth agape due to fascination of the subject. Christal made a complicated face, lifting a corner of her mouth to a smile while furrowing her eyebrows. "We won't touch on the murder-door anymore, let's continue at the subject at hand. The Carlse..." McSpicy wasn't listening, she was obsessed with the murder-door. After her lesson, she darted straight back into her room, started up her computer and started reading more on the so-called 'snap gate', even into the small hours. This moment started her fascination with the door, going on to discreetly performed various unsanctioned tests with the door.

 Through her own 'research', she had found that if something of value was placed in the bowl like wads of cash, the door would open to anywhere the beholder chose without fail. Even if it was extra-dimensional, literally fictional or in another time period. If she could not get home conventionally, she had to improvise, and plus, whatever she was called home for must have been important enough to receive a 'Omnes occidere, si opus fuerit'-priority order from the Base Director. "Surely they would let me go on those grounds, right?" She convinced herself, trying not to think of those terrified banktellers. She limped to the bowl and heaved the stolen Belarusbucks into the bowl. She stepped three steps back, looking up into the now blackened and burning facade of the mystical door. She closed her eyes, clasped her hands together and focus her thoughts. The bowl suctioned in the cash from a hole at the bottom, beginning the opening procedure. The door cranked and whined inside, gears could be heard turning, chains tugged on and hydraulic pipes pressed into their pistons. The door spread open slightly, then all at once, releasing a rush of cold air past her. As the light from the facility creeped past the opened doors, McSpicy slowly opened her eyes. She saw her mother, the great Christal Math.
 


 Facility-24, Tomboy Mine, Colorado, USA.
 
 Senior Researcher Air Jordans leaned on a chair in the control room of Humanoid Studies Cell 420 and started reading the report he had just received when he was assigned to a new anomaly to study two hours ago. "Not everyday you get promoted to Senior Researcher" He hummed to himself, sipping his extra-special morning coffee. He read the fifth line and spat out his coffee.
 
 -------------------------------------------------------
 
 HANDS-OF-THE-JAILOR
 
 Article 2076-B
 
 Class: Safely Contained
 Type: Human-Afflicated-Mental-Neutral
 State: Contained in Humanoid Studies Cell 420 in F-24
 Special Notes: Former Head of ThaumStud, go easy on her if you can. -Site Dir. Hoss 
 Description: The article is the Former Fifteenth Head Researcher of Thaumaturgic Studies Christal Math. Subject is...
 -------------------------------------------------------
 
  Air, while choking out the remaining of the coffee left in his mouth, noticed a strange door manifesting inside the cell. As the door opened, he saw the slender frame of McSpicy Wembenyama stepping out through the door.
  
   McSpicy stepped out through the door and immediately shot a confused look. She looked around the small room. It was a small 5x5 metre cube with walls made out of special transparent Plexi-glass inside a much larger 600 metre square black room reinforced with concrete and steel with a small black window on one of its walls. She knew exactly where she was. She looked horrified at her mother who was looking at her daughter with soft eyes. She knew the implications.
 
  She looked at the black window and mouthed: "Let me out." A speaker from somewhere in the black void returned: "St-standby, I need to get containment teams here first." She then looked at her mother, who patiently waited on a bed. She locked eyes with her mother, casting a suspicious gaze upon the prisoner.
  
  "Mother." McSpicy spoke first.
  
  "Dear." Christal returned.
  
  McSpicy flinched.
  
  "What happened?"
  
  "I don't remember."
  
  "Why are you in here?"
  
  "I don't remember."
 
  McSpicy paused, calculating her next question.
  
  "Do you know my name?"
  
  Christal, while pressing with softer eyes,
  
  "Of course, dear."
  
  "What is it?"

  "I don't remember."
  
  McSpicy had heard enough, she walked backwards to the wall, eyes locked on the imposter's movements, ready to strike if needed. She creeped towards a wall of the glass cube. Air, detecting her desire to exit, pressed a key on a console in the refuge of the control room. The wall slid open, allowing her into the black abyss. She creeped out into the darkness before the wall slid close infront of her. With a wall seperating the anomaly and McSpicy, she finally felt safe enough to turn away. She crouched down, back facing the monster in the cube, and spread her fingers onto her face. Welled-up dread panged throughout her body, attacking the corners of her mind. She calculated a thousand reasonings for the door's apperant defect. It was supposed to bring her to her mother, Christal Math, but instead brought her to a monster in a cell? A defect in her observation? But she had studied the door for so long. 
  
  "Maybe the door was purvious to being tricked by an identical target?" Deep, tucked away from the forefront of her mind, a thought eagerly waited. She didn't want to think about it, but her id bobbed the idea into her concious. A suitable explanation for the thing's behaviour. She had pushed the blame onto the door, questioning, hoping that it perhaps had an unseen defect, but this foul idea explained everything.
 
  "The woman is my mother, but my mother is not in control."
  
  Not long since the girl had crouched down in the corner of the black room, a familiar sound flashed into the room. McSpicy turned to her right, to the source of the sound. With the soft whish of an airlock, an on-site security team entered the jet-black room, weapons raring. The men shouted their orders at the girl. "Let me see some hands!", "Hands! Hands!" echoed aggressively through the room. As she raised her arms, however, she felt a thick cloud engulf her face. "Sleeping gas." She posited as she fell hard on the floor.
  
  McSpicy woke up, finding her legs bound to a cold metal chair. She looked up and found a man, terribly hiding his ripped stature behind a sharp, grey, thick-fabric suit and tie. 
  
  "Good morning, McSpicy." He bellowed. 
  
  "sup hoss" She groggily replied while clearing her eye-gunk. 
  
  "Hope you know why you're here. Again." He sounded frustrated.
  
  "yea"
  
  He sighed. "Just a recap, please. I've got my hands busy. Some dick decided some other dick was cool enough to travel unsanctioned using task force property and wanted me to clean up."
  
  "adam?" She had heard this story many times.
  
  "Recap, please."
  
  "ok so one of you people decided to issue an omnus priority return order so i killed a guy, robbed a bank and used a magic door to teleport to my mom"
  
  "...The door we keep telling you to lay off of?" He pressed.
  
  "doors are meant to be opened"
  
  "YOU CALL IT A MURDER- Okay, we'll argue another time. I'm here to brief you on what happened the past few days. We believe your father is alive."
  
  Her eyes widened. He could see he had finally captured her full attention.
  
  "We picked up some brain activity in our base camp at Firebase Negative Oh."
  
  "the one in The Deep?"
  
  He nodded. "Yeah. It matches human brain activity, and from pre-excursion checks, it matches your father's."
  
  "wait-"

  "SECONDLY." He cut off McSpicy. It felt good doing so, considering how much rambling he had to endure from her. "We have reason to believe your father has turned into an anomaly."
  
  "Dr Lebron James Kobe Bryant Michael Jordan Wembenyama." Lebron James Kobe Bryant Michael Jordan Wembenyama read. It was a weird feeling, reading something that felt so familiar for the first time. He let go of the fabric with a slight smile. "I know my name now." He looked around the blue-marbled room, studying it, and realised how little he know of his situation. His first memories were walking in an infinite hallway, opening a door and finding himself in the blue room, and yet, he knew those weren't really his first memories. He dug into the mystery more.
  
  Were you kidnapped?
  
  "Low possibility. Anyone with the power to create a hallway like that would have to power to kill me."
  
  Did you get lost?
  
  "No, Doesn't explain the retrograde amnesia."
  
  Are you being experimented on?
  
  "Too much resources would have gone into making that hallway as realistic as it is."
  
  Self-imposed isolation? You could have wiped your own memories.
  
  "In expedition gear? Clearly I was exploring something before I came here."
  
  A click could be heard. LJKBMJW is too far deep in thought to notice.
  
  Mutiny, then. You were exploring the hallway when you were injected with amnestics against your will.
  
  "But I knew the passcode to the door, why would I be exploring a place I knew?"
  
  So this is a place you know.
  
  "No, a replica? I've concluded from my memories that this is the seafloor, but who would replicate my lab on the seafloor?"
  
  How did you conclude that?
  
  "I.. I don't know. A hunch?"
  
  Reorganise your information.
  
  "Okay, so I'm in a replica of my lab on the seafloor, I was on an expedition and this place probably isn't manmade."
  
  Your lab, who knew so much about it that they could replicate it to this degree?
  
  "I did."
  
  These stacked papers, who wrote them?
  
  "I did."
  
  So, where are you?
  
  He thought about it for a moment, secretly thanking the mysterious voice, and produced an answer: "Somewhere only I know. somewhere only I can access. Am I... in a dream?"
  
 Click.
 
  Englightened, LBJKBMJW opened his eyes, and remembered. He was floating, deep underground in a cavern. The first thing he saw was the sharp and jagged edges of the cave wall, painted inexplicably by a dark mass. His limbs suspended limply above the sandy floor, at mercy the motions of the still tides of the dark cave. He could not feel his legs, arms or body but could still control the turn of his neck. He looked around, finding bodies of those who went too deep, dressed in the same navy-blue expedition suits he too wore. He looked at the faces, obscured by a pulsing, black slime, seemingly feasting on them. Equipped with his memories, he tried to remember who they were, but he did not recognise the bodies in the cave. The corpses felt familiar, yet distant. The structure of the bodies warmed with familiarity in his brain and yet he could not remember them, he could only remember who they might have been. "The expedition force from Firebase Negative." He quickly connected. He looked down at his body, expecting to find a familiar blue suit. He eyes met with nothing, he soon realised, he was composed of nothing. The limbs he felt were phantoms, as with all of his body. His neck, his face was missing. He physically did not exist and yet he still did.
  
  He closed his eyes, and returned to the blue lab. Panting and panicking, he quickly felt for his body. It was there. "What is this?! What's going on?! Where did my body go?!" He cried out.
  
  You're dead, Lebron.
  
  "I know that, but how do I still live like this? Is this purgatory? Heaven? Hell? Who are you?"
  
  I am your subconcious, your Id. I created this place for you to wake up.
  
  "Oka-" He choked, swallowing his saliva. "Okay, so I-I'm alive? No, I'm dead AND alive?"
  
  You were swallowed by an entity, but you fought back and lived because you're just too damn smart. I watched as you fought. Now, you are reborn.
  
  "As?"
   
  An idea.
  
  LBJKBMJW's eyes widened in shock. Silence from both sides filled the air. "So I'm just stuck like this for eternity? Ideas don't die, they get improved and live forever. I don't want to live forever. I want to die.?" He never thought those words would ever come out of his metaphorical mouth and end on his lips but he was too desperate to notice them.
  
  You know what to do.
  
  He sighed, "I have to b𝓲𝓵𝓵 𝓶𝔂𝓼𝓮𝓵𝓯." (replace b with k)
  
  And to b𝓲𝓵𝓵 𝓶𝔂𝓼𝓮𝓵𝓯 I have to kill the idea of me.
 "And to b𝓲𝓵𝓵 𝓶𝔂𝓼𝓮𝓵𝓯 I have to kill the idea of me."
 
 He spoke in parallel, Ego and Id merging.
 
"Alright, who's first?"
We start with the ones who knew you the least, those are the easiest.
"So colleagues."
We can lace simple memetics in every trace of me for starters.
"How about those who knew me too well? Christal and McSpicy?"
The entity you killed? It was an idea too, and it fed on other ideas, including ideas that can kill.
"Cognitohazards. Can we make them?"
Already did, what should the effect be?
"Hmm... I don't want to trigger the antimemetics department... How about a disease that makes you forget?"
We call that dementia.
"Yeah but more aggressive."
Not strong enough, we need more afflictions, adjectives.
"Carnivorous, parasitic... and viral. Just in case."
How will it be spread?
"Schizophrenia."
Trigger?
"Conversations about me."
Made and released. Now we wait.
